# BI-Bluering
# Project Overview
BioLogic is an educational tool designed to facilitate the teaching of scientific concepts to students. It enables students to answer questions by constructing answers using graphical Explanation Networks (ExNets), which consist of statements and logical connectors. This method enhances students' ability to express themselves clearly and precisely using grammatically correct English. Students can also validate the ExNets' meaning through an English language readout. A BioLogic Marking Assistant can expedite the grading process by identifying the similarity in a student's answer, which greatly reduces the workload on academics.

The key components of this project are the Editor.vue and Builder.vueflow tools. This project is an extension of a previous project where another team developed a BioLogic WebApp from a Python-based desktop application. The focus of semester 2's Project 1 is to improve and integrate these tools for use by students, tutors, and academics. The Editor.vue requires refinement, bug fixing, and feature additions, while the Builder.vueflow tool needs polishing and integration with the Editor.vue. The goal is to allow academics to create questions using Builder.vueflow, which can then be passed to Editor.vue for students to answer. Additionally, the Editor.vue is ideally capable of offering immediate feedback to students in a formative assessment mode. This feedback will be based on assessment information from the Builder.vueflow's rubric.
